# 1. Included a detailed description of features. What am I about to watch?
You are watching for __something__:
> There are four vehicles in the simulation: Ambulance, Mine Cleaner, IFV (nfantry fighting vehicle) and Tank \
> Tank and IFV use a separate rotating tower 

> > The Complex intelligennt gun tower\
> > It will shoot unseen scout shell to aim for the enemy (Mine Dropper)\
> > If hit friendly side, stop shooting real shell\
> > If hit the emeny, shout live shell

> Ambulance heals injured pedestrian \
> Mine Cleaner stopes to remove mines from the road \
> Civilian tries to cross the road safely \
> MineDropper acts as an enemy and place mines in road lanes
> I implemented advaced lane changing using trigonometry\
> The Gun towr rotate towards the target\
> After enough Mine Dropper were killed, it will trigger a air strike\
> JDAMs will be droppped into the world, destroy all the vehicles. 

# Description of world and local effect
## World Effect
After enough mine droppers were killed, a warning will pop up on the screen "Air Strike Arived"\
After 2 seconds, a f15 will fly over the world. \
1 second later, JDAM(Joint Direct Attack Munition)s will hit all the vehicles. Completely destroy them. 

## Local Effect
A local effect project is explosion. \
Explosions are triggered by mines, shells, destroy vehicles and air strikes. \
Explosions only affected a limited area for a limited of time. \
The explosion also effect nearby pedestrians

# Description of Which Vehicles Change Lanes and Under What Conditions
Tank, IFV, and Ambulance use the default change lane algorithm and Mine Cleaner uses a special lane change algorithm.\
Vehicles try to change lanes when a slow vehicle is ahead of them.\
The vehicle change lane with some conditions:
> A vehicle only change lane if there is a slower vehilce ahead of them or this is a mine ahead of them (does not work for mine Cleaner)\
> Each changing lane will be finsihed in 21 acts\
> Each vehicle only change lane if the lane vehicle intends to change has no parallel vehicle

# Known BUGS
In very complex scene, the FPS could have occasional frame-rate drop.\
Two pedestrians may overlap together.\
Vehicle may intend to change lane without safe direction from the ahead vehicle. And they crash together. And disappear. \
I nearly reach the greenfoot limit, it is better to use unity and C# to code the program.

# Credits
I use codex to debug my and create certain codes. They are:
> Vehicleworld.java to avoid pedestrians spawn on the rock in my background\
> Pedestrian.java used for movement checking against Pedestrian's overlap with rocks in background\
> Tower.java for improved performance\
> ScreenMessage.java created by codex\
> JDAM Draw by codex
> background 

By Jordan Cohen:
> SuperSmoothMover.java class\
> TrailPiece.java Class\
> Counter.java class\
> Started code template

Resources generated by gemini:
> Civilian \
> Mine Dropper \
> LandMine \
> Ambulance \
> Mine Cleaner \
> F15 

https://free-game-assets.itch.io/free-2d-tank-game-assets
> Tank, IFV, Tank Tower, IFV Tower

## Sound Effects:
> background.mp3: StarWar: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8rl7L4-YPM&t=607s \
> AirJet sound: https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/film-special-effects-fighter-jet-powerful-low-flyby-sfx-337205/ \
> shooting sound: https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/film-special-effects-machine-gun-burst-43670/ \
> explosion sound:https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/explosion/ \
> alarm sound: https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/film-special-effects-beep-warning-6387/ \
> pickup sound: created by gemini  \
> Drop Mine sound: https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/film-special-effects-hard-object-drop-98768/